Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to install
Blender using your Android device. Okay,
first thing first, open the Chrome,
search for Blender Mobile APK, enter the
second uh link GitHub.
Okay,
the latest version of this Blender is
August 7, 2025.
Go right here and download this APK
file for me. I already download this
file.
Go to download this. Okay. Bl printer
allow.
This is preparation of the install desk
security.
Okay. Hit install.
It's done.
Now let's go over our blender.
Uh get rid the Android file permissions.
Okay, it's confirmed.
Okay, return right here.
Okay, studio blender is loading data.
Okay, I hit confirm. This is interface
of blender. The keyboard you can open it
right here. Let's confirm.
Okay, this is the interface in Blender
is the same as as you can see in the PC.
Hit general.
This is my cube. This how to move that.
This how to move. And you can get the
keyboard from here. For example, I want
to G. Press G.
And you can press it and make it object.
Okay. Let's close this. Written here.
Press here edit mode. You can edit it as
you want. So select all ages, modeling
tool, sculpting, dov editing, texture,
shading, animations and other things.
Thank you guys for watching this all for
this tutorial.